XCP-D update (#259)
DCAN-Labs/cdni-brain: docs/processing-sop.md

    - If you're starting with DICOMs, see [here](dcm2bids.md) for BIDS conversion tips.
    - If you have NIfTI files that are not BIDS-compliant, you will more than likely have to write a script to finish the conversion.

5. Create a working directory in the project folder for the share you intend to work on. This is where you will put your job wrappers, logs, and status updates. Make sure to name the folder intelligently based on the study and codebase you are running.
    - Make sure to check the `groupquota` to ensure there's room for your process using this command: `groupquota -g share_name`
    - Do not put ABCD information of any kind on `faird`.

6. Copy the respective [SLURM wrapper](wrappers.md) into your working directory and make adjustments for your data location and codebase. 
    - As you make your edits, you will need to test that it works. Instructions on modifying the script and testing are [here](wrappers.md).
    - Note: it is possible that a wrapper does not exist for your codebase already, and you will have to adapt a current one to fit your needs.

> 7. Estimate the space and resources needed for your outputs by running the codebase you intend to run on all subjects on 3-5 first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Estimate the space and resources needed for your outputs by running the codebase you intend to run on all subjects on a small sample (3-5 subjects) first. 
```

12. Rank the remaining failed subject's errors by percentage of total subjects.
    - If none of the errors are greater than 10%, ask the people who want the data processed if they want you to dig into the more difficult errors. This usually depends greatly on the size of the study.

13. Create a descriptive tracking document of your subject counts.
    - Successfully processed
    - Failed processing categorized by why they failed
    - Ideally, all the subjects left to process will be due to bad data, but that rarely actually occurs.

14. Archive your work directory.
    - Sync your working directly up to an s3 bucket that you maintain with all of your working directories.
    - It is recommended to sync at least the template file (or an example run script) along with a list of the successfully processed subjects and the failed subjects with why they failed.
    - Someone will ask you questions later, and this will be where your answers are.

15. Add your dataset to the [data tracking sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QpKYJQqhuxoQhErBscAEev9npsd1RgKS8KdCL6FiuEo/edit#gid=0).

## Anaylsis Workflow 
**Smoothing**

> - Assuming you are using XCP-D outputs for anaylsis, it is highly recommended to **not** use the smoothed outputs and instead use the unsmoothed outputs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assuming you are using XCP-D outputs for analysis, it is highly recommended to **not** use the smoothed outputs and instead use the unsmoothed outputs (`desc-denoised` for XCP-D versions 0.8.0 and up). 
```

> - It is generally best practice to wait as long as you can in the processing/analysis workflow to smooth your data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is generally best practice to wait as long as you can in the processing/analysis workflow to smooth your data. The [cifti-connectivity](https://cdnis-brain.readthedocs.io/cifti-matrix/) tool (and other tools which incorporate it) facilitate this, by providing options to apply smoothing as a "step 0" when making functional connectivity matrices.
```

> - When data smoothing occurs, it is recommended to smooth with a kernal roughly the size of the TR of the data. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If spatially smoothing data, a kernel size (in FWHM) equal to the voxel size is recommended as a baseline, though use cases will vary.
```
